FONTLOG for the Enriqueta font

This file provides detailed information on the Enriqueta 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Enriqueta font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Enriqueta is a serif typeface designed to meet the technical 
demands of silkscreen printing. Since that is a grid system, 
this makes it an excellent candidate for digital display 
applications too since they are built in pixels.

It’s a slab serif type with clear, direct and not so subtle 
features, that was conceived as a hybrid that takes from 
the Egyptian style some robustness and strong serifs, and 
from Roman fonts the proportions and soft humanist tones, 
resulting in a harmonic and legible typeface for texts.

Enriqueta was selected to be exhibit at Tipos Latinos 2010, 
fourth Latin-american tipography biennial and to be part 
of the German editorial project Typodarium 2012.

Designed by Viviana Monsalve & Gustavo Ibarra 
for FontFuror (www.fontfuror.com).

Enriqueta is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement, Latin 
Extended-A, and Latin Extended-B.

To contribute to the project contact Viviana Monsalve 
and Gustavo Ibarra at info@fontfuror.com

There are three Source files:

1. Enriqueta-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

2. Enriqueta-Regular-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Enriqueta-Regular.vfb Original Source files 
   with contour overlaps

ChangeLog

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Gustavo Ibarra
E: info@fontfuror.com
W: www.fontfuror.com
D: Typeface Designer

N: Viviana Monsalve
E: info@fontfuror.com
W: www.fontfuror.com
D: Typeface Designer
