FONTLOG for the Tauri font

This file provides detailed information on Tauri Font Software. 
This information should be distributed along with the Tauri font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Tauri is a semi condensed sans typeface with a sense of restraint, 
clarity and rigor. Tauri's unique qualities do not shout and 
instead emerge slowly and organically as it is used. Tauri is 
useful from small to medium sizes but has enough subtle detail 
to be used at large sizes as well if it is more tightly spaced.

Tauri is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded 
to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release partially supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1

There are four source files:

1. Tauri.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Tauri-Regular_otf.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Tauri-Regular_ttf.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

4. Tauri.otf PostScript outlines OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

23 Jan 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Tauri v1.003
- Added hinting using TTFautohint version 0.93.8-669f
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Improved PS hinting of the Q
- Made the sidebearings of all diacritic glyphs 50 units

09 Jan 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Tauri v1.002
- Removed custom Cmap and excess OpenType tables
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Added hinting using TTFautohint version 0.93.8-669f

11 September 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Tauri v1.001
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.92

28 August 2012 (Yvonne Schüttler) Tauri v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Tauri in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Yvonne Schüttler
E: ysch@mac.com
W: www.ysch.de
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Spacing and Mastering
