FONTLOG for the Lora font

This file provides detailed information on the Lora 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Lora fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Lora is a well-balanced contemporary serif with roots in calligraphy. It is a text typeface with moderate contrast well suited for body text.
A paragraph set in Lora will make a memorable appearance because of its brushed curves in contrast with driving serifs. The overall typographic voice of Lora perfectly conveys the mood of a modern-day story, or an art essay.

Technically Lora is optimised for screen appearance, and works equally well in print.

Designed by Olga Karpushina, and Alexei Vanyashin for Cyreal.

Lora is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1, Adobe Latin-3, GWF Standard Cyrillic

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a@cyreal.org

.VBF Source files:
Lora-[stylename]-OTF.vbf (Merged and optimized file, Postscript contours)
Lora-[stylename]-TTF.vbf (Merged and optimized file, Truetype contours, Latin-1 range is manually hinted, 
all other characters autohinted)
[stylename] is the name of the style, i.e. Regular, Bold, RegularItalic, BoldItalic

ChangeLog

20 July 2011 (Olga Karpushina) Lora v. 1.000
— Completed initial design

30 May 2013 (Alexei Vanyashin) Lora v. 1.011
— Extended character set in all four fonts to include
Adobe Latin-3, and GWF Standard Cyrillic encodings.
— Equalized vertical metrics across the styles

19 June 2013 (Alexei Vanyashin) Lora v. 1012
— Merged previous hinted version v. 1.000 with
additional autohinted glyphs.
— Improved kerning
— Adjusted glyphs with caron accent

26 June 2013 (Alexei Vanyashin) Lora v. 1013
— Fixed hinting issue
— Minor design fixes

12 August 2013 (Alexei Vanyashin) Lora v. 1014
— equalised nbsp, sp, noBreak, nonmarkingreturn advance widths 

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Olga Karpushina
E: okarpush@gmail.com
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a@cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Designer and Mastering