FONTLOG for the Capriola font

This file provides detailed information on Capriola Font Software. 
This information should be distributed along with the Capriola font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Capriola is a sans-serif typeface whose unique style draws upon 
forms seen in handwriting and italic types. Skeletons of the most 
characteristic glyphs are inspired by quick handwriting and based 
on a single hand movement (G,a,g,k,e). Capriola ambitiously seeks 
to push the boundaries of originality in the genre without losing 
legibility. 

The unusual glyphs are quite noticeable in large sizes which allows 
for distinctive headlines. However in small sizes these gestures 
become less noticeable making it possible to set longer texts. The 
name "Capriola" means somersault in English. Such glyphs as "a", 
"e" or "G" are the real acrobats and the "g" makes a double salto! 
Capriola was spaced for web. Capriola's originality combined 
with utility makes it ideal for a wide range of uses.

Capriola is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use 
the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support 
other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges: 
Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, Macintosh Character Set

There are three Source files:

1. Capriola-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Capriola-Regular-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Capriola-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at 
sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

5 June 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Capriola v1.007
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Added hinting using TTF Autohint v0.8

4 June 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.005
- refined shapes and spacing

25 May 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.004
- refined shapes and spacing

15 May 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.003
- refined shapes and spacing

5 April 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.002
- refined shapes and spacing

30 March 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.001
- refined shapes

22 March 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Capriola v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Capriola in 
  Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Viktoriya Grabowska
E: vi_ga@wp.pl
W: www.vikaniesiada.blogspot.com
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
