FONTLOG for the Autour One font

This file provides detailed information on Autour One
Font Software. 

This information should be distributed along with the 
Autour font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Autour is inspired by handwritten letters on Ludwig Hohlwein posters. 
It has been changed and adapted from the originals in a variety of 
ways so that it will work in paragraphs of text and as a web type. 
Autour can be used a in a wide range of sizes. Autour means "round" 
in French.

Autour is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are four Source files:

1. AutourOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. AutourOne-Regular-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. AutourOne-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

4. AutourOne-Regular.otf Merged contours and 
   optimized file in OTF-CFF format

Source files are available from
http://code.google.com/p/googlefontdirectory/

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at 
sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

23 Sept 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Autour v1.006
- Adjusted spacing to take advantage of advances in TTFAutohint v0.92
- Slightly adjusted scale to improve rendring 
- Fixed 3 glyphs which rendered poorly at certain sizes
- Added hinting to the TTF via TTFAutohint v0.92

5 April 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Autour One v1.005
- Altered unicode so that there was no more double mapping of glyphs
- Separate glyphs for the Greek letter Delta mu and Omega and the math symbols 
- Added ffi and ffl glyphs
- True type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Completed second complete version of Autour in Fontlab (VBF format)

22 June 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Autour One v1.003
- Removed italic angle and remastered

14 May 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Autour One v1.002
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8
- Completed first complete version of Autour in 
  FontLab (VBF format)

5 April 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Autour One v1.001
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Completed first complete version of Autour in 
  Fontlab (VBF format)

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer, Mastering


