FONTLOG for the Courgette font

This file provides detailed information on Courgette Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Courgette font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Courgette is a medium low contrast brushy italic script 
type. A brushy italic style is traditionally for display 
and unsurprisingly Courgette works well in display. 
However Courgette's low contrast and carefully made forms 
mean that it also works well in smaller sizes and even 
in massed text.

Courgette is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are three Source files:

1. Courgette-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Courgette-Regular-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Courgette-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at 
sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

5 June 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Courgette v1.002
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8

1 June 2012 (Karolina Lach) Courgette v1.001
- Enhanced cap to cap and other spacing and improved some letterforms.

26 May 2012 (Karolina Lach) Courgette v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Courgette in Fontlab 
( VBF format ) including support for full Latin-1, Latin-2: 
Eastern Europe, Turkish, Macintosh Character Set.

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Karolina Lach
E: karolina.lach@gmail.com
W: www.thekarolina.com/
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
