FONTLOG for the Merriweather Sans font

This file provides detailed information on 
Merriweather Sans Font Software. This information should be 
distributed along with the Merriweather Sans font and any 
derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Merriweather Sans is a low-contrast semi-condensed sans-serif typeface family
designed to be readable at very small sizes. Merriweather Sans is 
traditional in feeling despite the modern shapes it has adopted for screens.
It is a companion to the serif typeface family Merriweather.

Merriweather Sans is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set and Adobe Latin 3 character set.

There are four source files for each style:

1. MerriweatherSans-Style.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. MerriweatherSans-Style-otf.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. MerriweatherSans-Style-ttf.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

4. MerriweatherSans-Style.otf PostScript outlines OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog


30 April 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.003
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.93.8-669f
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Completed first complete version of 
  Merriweather Sans Italics in Fontlab ( VBF format )

1 Mar 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.003
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.93.8-669f
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Improved the design in response to additional print 
and rendering tests and added glyphs to cover the entire 
Adobe Latin 3 character set. ( VBF format )

26 Feb 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.002
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.93
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Revised spacing on the lightest and boldest masters 
again and improved the design in response to additional 
print amd rendering tests. ( VBF format )

15 Feb 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.001
- Revised spacing on the lightest and boldest masters ( VBF format )

10 Feb 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Merriweather Sans in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer and Mastering
