FONTLOG for the Snowburst One font

This file provides detailed information on Snowburst Font Software.This
information should be distributed along with the Snowburst font and any
derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Snowburst One is a low contrast serifed text typeface inspired by one of Annet
Stirling's distinctive styles of lettering. Snowburst One's personality
consistently shows in both small and large sizes. Because of the thin stokes
this font is best used from medium to large sizes. Despite its surprising
forms Snowburst is highly legible. Readers are likely to be both surprised and
entertained by its unusual but friendly forms.

Snowburst is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use the
Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release partially supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

There are four source files:

1. SnowburstOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. SnowburstOne-Regular_otf.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. SnowburstOne-Regular_ttf.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

4. SnowburstOne-Regular.otf PostScript outlines OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

25 Nov 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Snowburst v1.001
- hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.92
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Completed first complete version of Snowburst in Fontlab ( VBF format )

01 Sept 2012 (Annet Stirling) Snowburst v1.000
- Completed pencil designs for the typeface 

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Annet Stirling
E: annetstirling@incisiveletterwork.com
W: www.incisiveletterwork.com
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
