FONTLOG for the Headland One font

This file provides detailed information on Headland One
Font Software. 

This information should be distributed along with the 
Headland font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Headland One is a text typeface designed to be highly 
legible and comfortable when reading screens.
Headland One is useful from very small sizes to headlines. 
Headland One's personality recalls the geniality of the 
UK private press movement types made at the turn 
of the 20th century. Headland One's eccentric details 
contribute to the distinctive feeling of the type at 
smaller sizes but do not become obvious until the 
type becomes much larger.

Headland is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are two Source files:

1. HeadlandOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. HeadlandOne-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. HeadlandOne-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at 
sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

4 April 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Headland v1.002
- Made changes to weight to improve rendering in browsers 
  still using GDI 
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8


30 March 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Headland One v1.001
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8

24 March 2011 (Gary Lonergan) Headland One v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Headland in 
  Fontlab (VBF format)

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Gary Lonergan
E: garylonergan@hotmail.com
W: -
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
