FONTLOG for the Buenard fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Buenard 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Buenard fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Buenard is a high-quality serif typeface for art books.
It’s based on the Transitional Roman classical structure, 
with less contrasted strokes and heavier serifs.
It has its own contemporary style, combining elegance, 
consistency and legibility for all text sizes, making 
it an excellent choice when selecting a serif font.
Buenard was designed for an Argentinian art publisher 
and its being developed as the final project in the 
Postgraduate Career in Typography at the University 
of Buenos Aires.

Designed by Gustavo Ibarra for FontFuror (www.fontfuror.com).

Buenard is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Basic Latin and Latin-1 Supplement.

To contribute to the project contact Gustavo Ibarra 
at info@fontfuror.com

There are six Source files:

1. Buenard-Bold-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized 
   file corresponding to the OTF file

2. Buenard-Bold-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Buenard-Bold.vfb Original Source files with contour overlaps

4. Buenard-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized 
   file corresponding to the OTF file

5. Buenard-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

6. Buenard-Regular.vfb Original Source files with contour 
   overlaps

ChangeLog

12 Jan 2012 (Gustavo Ibarra) Buenard v1.001
- Extended Latin character set for Regular and Bold styles

18 Dec 2011 (Gustavo Ibarra) Buenard v1.000
- Initial release of Regular and Bold styles

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Gustavo Ibarra
E: info@fontfuror.com
W: www.fontfuror.com
D: Typeface Designer
