FONTLOG for the Magra fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Magra 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Magra fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Magra is a sans serif typeface designed for contexts in 
which both spatial economy and multiple composition 
styles are required. Its neutral personality and humanist 
features makes it a perfect candidate for corporate uses 
too. Its large x-height and robust stems provide good 
legibility and economy, plus great behavior in smaller 
sizes. Magra was selected to be part of the German 
editorial project Typodarium 2012.

Designed by Viviana Monsalve for FontFuror (www.fontfuror.com).

Magra is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Basic Latin, Latin-1 Supplement, Latin 
Extended-A, and Latin Extended-B.

To contribute to the project contact Viviana Monsalve 
at info@fontfuror.com or viv@fontfuror.com

There are five Source files:

1. Magra-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized 
   file corresponding to the OTF file

2. Magra-Regular-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Magra-Regular.vfb Original Source files with 
   contour overlaps

4. Magra-Bold-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

5. Magra-Bold-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

Note: There is no VFB file with overlaps for the Bold style 
because Magra is a Multiple Master Family, so I have just 
included the output file of the FontLab "Merge" command.

ChangeLog

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Viviana Monsalve
E: info@fontfuror.com, viv@fontfuror.com
W: www.fontfuror.com
D: Typeface Designers
