FONTLOG for the Signika fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Signika 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Signika fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Signika is a sans-serif with a gentle character, developed for wayfinding, 
signage, and other media where clarity of information is required. 
Its low contrast and tall x-height help readability of texts 
in small sizes and in large distances from the reader.

All weights from Light to Bold have alternative Negative 
versions created to compensate for the effect of juxtaposed 
positive and negative text setting, where a white text 
on a dark background tends to look bolder than a dark 
text on a white background.

The typeface comes with a wide character set supporting 
over 220 languages including most of the Latin-based European languages, 
some African languages, and Vietnamese. It offers advanced typographic 
tools like ligatures, small caps, and case sensitive punctuation. 
There are two sets of figures and currency symbols: shorter, 
for long-form reading, and taller, fully-aligned with capitals, 
for signage and titling. Since the 2020 update, 
Signika also includes 250 pictograms and 60 combinable arrows.


Signika is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

To contribute to the project contact Anna Giedryś, 
anna@ancymonic.com

ChangeLog

12 May 2020
– Language extension to full support of the Google Pro encoding (Anna Giedryś).
- Additional set of over 300 arrows and pictograms designed by (Anna Giedryś and Peter Machaj)

18 Dec 2018
- Upgrade font to variable font with Weight and "Negative" axes, otherwise preserving original designs
- Includes glyph extensions and font refinements made by Anna, including expanded language support and small caps


24 Oct 2011 (Anna Giedryś) Signika v1.000
- Initial release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your 
name (N), email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) 
and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Anna Giedryś
E: anna@ancymonic.com
W: http://www.ancymonic.com
D: Designer

N: Johannes Neumeier
E: hello@underscoretype.com
W: http://underscoretype.com
D: Post-production

N: Peter Machaj
E: petermachaj.dizajn@gmail.com
W: https://www.behance.net/petermachaj
D: Designer (pictograms co-design)

N: Stephen Nixon
E: stephen@thundernixon.com
W: http://www.thundernixon.com
D: Variable Font Mastering
