FONTLOG for the Iceland font

This file provides detailed information on the Iceland 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Iceland fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

The idea of geometric typefaces with a look reminiscent of 
the machinery, technology, and interior design of the 1950s 
originated in Eurostile family by Aldo Novarese and 
Alessandro Butti (1952).

Iceland is a modular square-shaped webfont by Victor 
Kharyk with a cold brutal character designed with the 
intention to perform well on screen starting from low 
resolutions. For this purpose the strokes are 
deliberatly kept vertical and diagonal cuts have a 
45° angle, outlines are rounded.

Features like wide proportions and generous x-height 
are introduced for better legibility. Unconventional 
and simplified letterforms like k, f, r aid readability 
at small sizes. While at display sizes they add a 
crisp and sharp impression.

Uppercase letters are decently heavier compared to 
lowercase as a tribute to the old typographic tradition. 
This way uppercase is easily distinguished from 
lowercase, and allows scaling down to be used 
as Small Caps.

Because of its ascetic modular character and squarish 
proportions Iceland webfont is easily integrated in 
modular grids and logotypes.

Iceland is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the 
following Unicode ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a@cyreal.org

There are two .vfb Source files:
1. Iceland-Regular.vfb (Original Source files with 
   contour overlaps)
2. Iceland-Regular-OTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file)

ChangeLog

17 November 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Iceland v. 1.001
- Applied ttfautohint
- Mastered TTF file
— Added GASP table

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Viktor Kharyk
E: kharyk@gmx.de
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a@cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Mastering
