FONTLOG for the Bitter font

This file provides detailed information on the 
Bitter font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Bitter fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

People read and interact with text on screens more and more 
each day. What happens on screen ends up being more important 
than what comes out of the printer. With the accelerating 
popularity of electronic books, type designers are working 
hard to seek out the ideal designs for reading on screen.

Motivated by my love for the pixel I designed Bitter. 
A "contemporary" slab serif typeface for text, it is
specially designed for comfortably reading on any 
computer or device. The robust design started from 
the austerity of the pixel grid, based on rational 
rather than emotional principles. It combines the 
large x-heights and legibility of the humanistic 
tradition with subtle characteristics in the 
characters that inject a certain rhythm to 
flowing texts.

Bitter has little variation in stroke weight and 
the Regular is thicker than a normal ‘Regular’ 
style for print design. This generates an intense 
color in paragraphs, accentuated by the serifs 
that are as thick as strokes with square terminals. 

Each glyph is carefully designed with an excellent 
curve quality added to the first stage of the 
design, that was entirely made in a pixel grid. 
The typeface is balanced and manually spaced to use 
very few kerning pairs, especially important for web 
font use since most browsers do not currently support 
this feature.

Designed by Sol Matas for Huerta Tipográfica,
http://www.huertatipografica.com.ar/

Bitter is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Sol Matas at 
info@solmatas.com

ChangeLog

7 November (v.1.001) 
— Initial publication

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Sol Matas
E: info@solmatas.com
W: http://www.huertatipografica.com.ar
D: Designer