FONTLOG for the Simonetta font

This file provides detailed information on the Simonetta font
Software.

This information should be distributed along with the Simonetta
font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

The Simonetta font is named in honour of Simonetta Vespucci. 
She was considered to be the most beautiful woman in Renaissance 
Florence and was nicknamed 'La Bella Simonetta.' She was a model 
for Sandro Botticelli's painting 'The Birth of Venus' and many 
of his other female characters.

The Simonetta font is inspired by Italian Humanistic typefaces, 
but it is contemporary and has many original features. 
It has one-sided serifs and soft drops, is slightly slanted 
(some two degrees) and the Italics have the same slant. The 
Romans and Italics differ from each other only in their shapes,
with the italics being much more calligraphic and angular.

Designed by Gayaneh Bagdasaryan for BrownFox.


Simonetta is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1

There are eight Source files:

1. Simonetta-Regular-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file
2. Simonetta-Regular-PS.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file
3. Simonetta-Italic-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file
4. Simonetta-Italic-PS.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file
5. Simonetta-Black-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file
6. Simonetta-Black-PS.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file
7. Simonetta-BlackItalic-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file
8. Simonetta-BlackItalic-PS.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

To contribute to the project contact Gayaneh Bagdasaryan
at gayaneh.b@gmail.com

ChangeLog

2 April 2012 (Gayaneh Bagdasaryan) Simonetta v1.002
- Extended character set
- Initial release of Black and Black Italic

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N),
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Gayaneh Bagdasaryan
E: gayaneh.b@gmail.com
W: www.brownfox.org
D: Designer

N: Igino Marini
E: mail@iginomarini.com
W: http://www.ikern.com
D: Spacing and Kerning
