FONTLOG for Cuprum fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Cuprum 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Cuprum fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Cuprum was created in 2006 based on the works Miles 
Newlyn. Cuprum is a narrow grotesque. It is quite 
versatile. Mostly how it is now, I do not like myself, 
because as time passed and since then I have learned 
to make fonts much better. An interesting history of 
the appearance of his name: Cuprum is copper, not 
gold or silver. Copper is too noble, but it is much 
cheaper and copper is not used for medals – only pots.

Купрум я создал в 2006 году по мотивам работ Miles 
Newlyn. Купрум это узкий гротеск. Шрифт достаточно 
универсален. Местами он теперь не нравится Интересная 
история появления его названия: купрум это медь, не 
золото и не серебро. Медь тоже благородна, 
медалей - только тазы.

Cuprum is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Cyrillic

There are eight Source files:

1. Cuprum-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
  optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

2. Cuprum-Regular-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with 
  hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Cuprum-Italic-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
  optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

4. Cuprum-Italic-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with 
  hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

5. Cuprum-Bold-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
  optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

6. Cuprum-Bold-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with 
  hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

7. Cuprum-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
  optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

8. Cuprum-BoldItalic-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with 
  hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Jovanny Lemonad
at lemonad@jovanny.ru

ChangeLog

14 October 2016 (Font Raisins Team) v.2.000
— Expanded glyph set to GF Cyrillic Plus
— Ported sources files to Glyphs
— Added kerning classes, compressed and optimised kerning
— Added glyphs ˚⁴∕⁄ required for Google Latin support
— Added Vietnamese support (by Nhung Nguyen)

31 March 2012 (Jovanny Lemonad) Cuprum v1.002
- Release of 4 style family with Latin, Extended Latin
 and Cyrillic character sets.

May 2010 (Jovanny Lemonad) Cuprum v1.000
- Initial release of Regular style in Latin and Cyrillic

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Jovanny Lemonad
E: lemonad@jovanny.ru
D: Original Type Designer

N: Font Raisins Team
D: Expansion to GF Cyrillic Plus

N: Nhung Nguyen
E: vns.wonderland@gmail.com
D: Adding Vietnamese support 