FONTLOG for the Asap fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Asap Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Asap fonts
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Asap is a contemporary sans-serif family with subtle rounded 
corners. Designed by Pablo Cosgaya, Asap ("as soon as possible") 
there are 4 styles: Regular, Italic, Bold and Bold Italic. This 
family, specially developed for screen and desktop use, offers 
a standarised character width on all styles, which means lines 
of text remain the same length. This useful feature allows users 
to change type styles on-the-go without reflowing a text body. 
Asap is based on Ancha (designed by Pablo Cosgaya & Hector 
Gatti), and has been developed with the collaboration of 
AndrŽés Torresi.

Asap is a typeface family that supports Unicode language 
range: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Omnibus-Type 
at omnibus.type@gmail.com

There are four .vfb Source files and four .sfd source files:

1. Asap-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

2. Asap-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with nonhinting 
   tables corresponding to the TTF file

3. Asap-Italic-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

4. Asap-Italic-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with nonhinting 
   tables corresponding to the TTF file

5. Asap-Bold-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

6. Asap-Bold-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with nonhinting 
   tables corresponding to the TTF file

7. Asap-BoldItalic-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

8. Asap-BoldItalic-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with nonhinting 
   tables corresponding to the TTF file

ChangeLog

4 Aug 2017 (v1.010)
- Released

19 Jan 2012 (v.1.001) Omnibus-Type
- Initial release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Pablo Cosgaya
E: omnibus.type@gmail.com
W: http://www.omnibus-type.com
D: Principle designer of Asap, designer of Ancha upstream

N: Andrés Torresi
E: omnibus.type@gmail.com
W: http://www.omnibus-type.com
D: Assistant designer of Asap

N: Hector Gatti
E: omnibus.type@gmail.com
W: http://www.omnibus-type.com
D: Designer of Ancha upstream

N: Marc Foley
E: m.foley.88@gmail.com
D: Engineer
