FONTLOG for the Federant font

This file provides detailed information on the Federant 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Federant fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Federant revives the Reklameschrift typeface Feder Antiqua by 
Otto Ludwig Nägele (1911). 

The main challenge of designing a modern interpretation was to 
equilibrate between applying visual corrections for overall 
consistency and staying close to the original source. 
In certain cases the historical authenticy was sacrificed 
in favour of an even typographic color.

This project required research of historic type specimens 
in search for the missing letterforms. The unsusual 
interpretaion of the Yen currency symbol can be found 
in typefaces of that period.

Designed by Olexa M.Volochay, Alexei Vanyashin for Cyreal.

Federant is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a@cyreal.org

There are 5 Source files:

1. Federant-Regular.vfb (Original Source files with contour overlaps)

2. Federant-Regular-OTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file)

3. Federant-Regular.otf (Fontlab export from 2)

4. Federant-Regular-TTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file for TTF export, used to create v1.110 and earlier)

5. Federant-Regular.glyphs (Merged and optimized file for TTF export, used to create v1.111)

ChangeLog


20 Jnauary 2016 (Dave Crossland) Federant version 1.011
- Regenerated TTF through Glyphs to fix GPOS issue, reduce filesize, autohint

9 October 2011  (Olexa M. Volochay, Alexei Vanyashin) Federant version 1.010 
— More conventional forms for /v/, /w/, /V/, /W/ with a 
  baseline join between left and central stems. Previous versions
  are left as alternatives /v.001/, /w.001/. /W.001/, /V.001/.

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Olexa M. Volochay
E: olexa.volochay@gmail.com
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a@cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Designer and Mastering
