FONTLOG for the Quattrocento Roman fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Quattrocento 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the Quattrocento 
fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

The Quattrocento Roman typeface is a Classic, Elegant, Sober 
and Strong typeface.

Their wide and open letterforms, and the great x-height, make it 
very legible for body text at small sizes. And their tiny details 
that only shows up at bigger sizes make it also great for 
display use.

Some of their distinctive characteristics are:

- Low Contrast. The thins are just a tad thiner than the thicks, 
  almost monotone.
- Cupped, tapered stems that flows naturally into the serifs.
- Distinctive K, R and & tail.
- Cupped B, D, E, F, P, Q, R and T.
- The Q is a humble expression of admiration and gratitude for 
  Doyald Young.
- Alternate M, Two W alternates .
- Narrow L, T for better fit.
- Almost flat top serif on the lowercases.
- Shoulders of the m and n rise above the serif.
- Serif-less bottom j and y.

Quattrocento Roman is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.



More specifically, this release supports the following languages:
Afar, Afrikaans, Albanian, Basque, Bislama, Breton, Chamorro, 
Comorian, Dutch, English, Estonian, Faroese, Fijian, Filipino/Tagalog, 
Finnish, Flemish, French, Gaelic, German, Gilbertese/Kiribati, 
Haitian_Creole, Icelandic, Indonesian, Irish, Italian, Javanese, 
Kinyarwanda, Kirundi, Luba/Ciluba/Kasai, Luxembourgish, Malagasy, 
Malay, Marquesan, Ndebele, Norwegian, Oromo, Palauan/Belauan, 
Portuguese, Quechua, Romansh, Sango, Sesotho, Setswana/Sitswana/Tswana, 
Seychellois_Creole, SiSwati/Swati/Swazi, Somali, Sotho, Spanish, 
Swahili, Swedish, Tetum, Tok_Pisin, Tongan, Tsonga, Tswana, Tuvaluan, 
Uzbek/Usbek, Walloon, Xhosa, Zulu. 

Latest releases and documentation can be found at 
www.impallari.com/quattrocento

To contribute to the project, make suggestions or report bugs, visit
http://www.impallari.com/projects/overview/quattrocento-serif-family

ChangeLog

25 Feb 2012 (Pablo Impallari, Brenda Gallo) Quattrocento v2.0
- Bold Weight Added by Brenda Gallo
- Bigger comma, semicolon, quoteleft, quoteright, quotesinglbase, 
  quotedblleft, quotedblright, quotedblbase
- Lots of incremental improvements and fine tuned glyphs
- A few diacritics added
- Removed the W.calt and the 7.alt in order to keep both weight 
  with the same glyphs count.


07 Mar 2011 (Pablo Impallari) Quattrocento Roman v1.000
- Initial release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Igino Marini
E: mail@iginomarini.com
W: http://www.ikern.com
D: Spacing and Kerning

N: Pablo Impallari
E: impallari@gmail.com
W: http://www.impallari.com
D: Designer

N: Brenda Gallo
E: gbrenda1987@gmail.com
W: http://www.impallari.com
D: Designer
