FONTLOG for the Petrona fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Petrona Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Petrona fonts
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

How many characteristics is it possible to add to a font, without 
changing its text type genre? Petrona is inspired in every home's 
cook, who playfully maneuvers ingredients and decors with a 
personal touch, without derailing from the original recipe.

This font has been created like in the kitchen, with sharp 
elements that forge its structure and with gestural strokes 
for finishing features.

Isolated, its glyphs are just ingredients. Caps with heavy 
asymmetric serifs, and arms of inverted angles, offer a certain 
flavor. Lower cases with great "x" height, pronounced ascenders 
and soft curves of low contrast, offer a different flavor. When 
combined in a word, they reveal a contemporary bite. They get 
lost when mingled in a paragraph, to integrate again into a new 
menu which is proposed by the text.

Petronas' expression evokes a personal culinary stye; its 
numbers of uniform height include fractions to describe 
ingredients. This is why connoisseurs recommend it for culinary 
texts. But taste and creativity are personal, for which every 
one will apply it according to their own preference.


Petrona is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that
use the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to 
support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode 
ranges: Latin-1

Documentation can be found at www.huertatipografica.com.ar 

To contribute to the project contact Ringo R. Seeber at 
www.huertatipografica.com.ar or ringo.romei@romeiseeber.com

ChangeLog

2011-10-14 (Ringo R. Seeber & Igino Marini) Petrona v1.001
- Initial release

2020-06-26

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Igino Marini
E: mail@iginomarini.com
W: http://www.ikern.com
D: Kerning

N: Ringo R. Seeber
E: ringo.romei@romeiseeber.com
W: http://www.huertatipografica.com.ar | http://www.romeiseeber.com
D: Designer
