FONTLOG for Rosarivo fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Rosarivo 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Rosarivo fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Rosarivo is a typeface designed for use in letterpress 
printing. It is an elegant and luxurious typeface with 
high quality details. It works especially well in delicate 
editorial design. Its letterpress origins mean it has a 
lighter color than a typical Roman text type. Its features 
include carefully designed serifs, gradual stroke and 
marked contrast, calligraphic and humanistic forms, and 
large ascenders and descenders. It is designed to work 
well in long texts with generous line spacing. It 
originates from work presented to the post-graduate 
course in Typeface Design at the University of Buenos 
Aires in 2011.

Rosarivo is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages 
that use the Latin script and its variants, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1

There are 4 Source files:

1. Rosarivo-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

2. Rosarivo-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Rosarivo-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

4. Rosarivo-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Pablo Ugerman
at info@ugrdesign.com.ar

ChangeLog

27 March 2012 (Pablo Ugerman) Rosarivo v1.003
- Scaled up to work better as a web font

15 Dec 2011 (Pablo Ugerman) Rosarivo v1.000
- Initial release


Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Pablo Ugerman
E: info@ugrdesign.com.ar
W: www.ugrdesign.com.ar
D: Original Type Designer
