FONTLOG for the Electrolize font

This file provides detailed information on the Electrolize 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Electrolize fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Lettering in a Russian commuter train inspired designer 
Valery Zaveryaev to create Electrolize typeface with an 
accurate techno character. It came out solid enought to work 
well in any size from body copy to headlines. 

Electrolize can be best described as a squarish geometric 
typeface with humanistic proportions. It has an accurate 
techno character, holds the baseline well because of its 
rectangular modular-based construction. At display sizes 
its detailing in terminals become noticeable.

It is optimized for screen, and will work well in print
thank to its simple and straight outlines.


Electrolize is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin 
at a@cyreal.org

There are three .vfb Source files:

1. Electrolize-Regular.vfb (Original Source files with 
   contour overlaps)

2. Electrolize-Regular-OTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file)

3. Electrolize-Regular-TTF.vfb (TTF hinted file)

ChangeLog

24 November 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Electrolize v. 1.002
- Minor design and spacing adjustments
- Changed proportions in glyphs O, N, M
— Adjusted tail of Q, added rounded terminal endings in 
  lowercase horizontals: t, f, z, y
- Mastered TTF file from VBF

17 November 2011 (Valery Zaveryaev) Electrolize v. 1.000
- Completed initial release in VFB format

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Valery Zaveryaev
E: zaveryaev@gmail.com
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a@cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Mastering

