FONTLOG for the Jacques Francois font

This file provides detailed information on the Jacques Francois
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Jacques Francois fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Jacques Francois revives the c. 1760 Enschedé no. 811 type specimen by Jacques
François Rosart (1714-1774), made for Enschedé Printing House. The concept was
to create a contemporary webfont with an even typographic color while
preserving the essential historic peculiarities and expanding the character
set. Compared to the historic specimen the x-height is generously increased
and contrast lowered.

Jacques Francois is designed for medium to small sizes. For this purpose its
features were altered: contrast was lowered and x-height significantly
increased. Designed by Manvel Shmavonyan, Alexei Vanyashin. Jacques Francois
includes old style figures.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a at cyreal.org

There are three .vfb Source files:

1. JacquesFrancois-Regular.vfb
- Original Source files with contour overlaps

2. JacquesFrancois-Regular-OTF.vfb
- Merged and optimized file

3. JacquesFrancois-Regular-TTF.vfb
- File with TTF co ntours and manual TT hints

ChangeLog

10 November 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Jacques Francois v. 1.000
— Designed Basic glyphs in VBF format
— Determined overall design concept and x-height amount against Cap height

5 December 2011 (Manvel Shmavonyan) Jacques Francois v. 1.001
— Completed Full Character set in Latin-1 Encoding in VBF format
— Enhanced and tweeked previously designed glyphs

6 December 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Jacques Francois v. 1.002
— Tweaked glyph /A/, extended serifs in /f/ /p/ /q/.
— Mastered file from VBF into TTF

7 September 2012  (Alexei Vanyashin) Jacques Francois v. 1.003
- Vertical metrics adjusted for web
- Copyright notices updated

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Manvel Shmavonyan
E: manveltype@gmail.com
W: http://new.myfonts.com/person/Manvel_Shmavonyan/
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a at cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Design and Mastering
