FONTLOG for the Podkova font

This file provides detailed information on the Podkova 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Podkova fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Podkova is a monoline slab serif with diagonal terminals. 
Wide proportions and clean features aid to legibility at 
small sizes. Its unusual letterforms provide enough 
character to be used at display sizes. Podkova is the 
Russian word for Horseshoe. Try it and see if the lucky 
charm works for you!

Designed by Ilya Yudin.

Podkova is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script, and could be 
expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a at cyreal.org

There are four .vfb Source files:

1. Podkova-Regular-OTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file)

2. Podkova-Regular-TTF.vfb (Mastered TTF with manual hinting applied)

3. Podkova-Bold-OTF.vfb (Merged and optimized file)

4. Podkova-Bold-TTF.vfb (Mastered TTF with manual hinting applied)

ChangeLog

12 December 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Podkova Regular v. 1.001
— Adjusted vertical metrics according to Podkova Bold
— Deleted kerning to reduce file size
— Deleted glyphs ogonek, hungarumlaut, uni2215 to match the 
  Encoding of Podlova Bold.
— Updated foundryicon and .notdef

8 December (Nikita Kanarev) v 1.002
— Minor design and spacing enhancements

5 December (Alexei Vanyashin) v 1.001
— Tweeked glyphs W, w, M, m, g
— Adjusted overshoots

1 December (Ilya Yudin) v 1.000
— Completed initial release of bold version in VFB format

27 May 2011 (Ilya Yudin) Podkova v. 1.000
— Completed initial release in VFB format

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Ilya Yudin
E: lenny.goofoff@gmail.com
D: Designer

N: Nikita Kanarev
E: i@xarsok.ru
W: http://xarsok.ru
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a at cyreal.org
W: http://cyreal.org
D: Mastering