FONTLOG for the Domine fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Domine Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the Domine fonts and any
derivative works.

Basic Font Information:

From the very first steps in the design process 'Domine' was designed, tested
and optimized for body text on the web. It shines at 14 and 16 px. And can
even be used as small as 11, 12 or 13px.

Harmless to the eyes when reading long texts.

Domine is a perfect choice for newspapers or magazines websites, where text is
the main focus.

It is friendly in appearance because it combines the classic elements of
familiar typefaces that have been in use from more than 100 years like
Clarendon, Century, Cheltenham and Clearface.

- The rounded letters (b, c, d, e, o, p, q) are a bit squarish on the inside.
  This feature opens up the counters for better rendering and also make it
  look a bit more up-to-date than the classic typefaces previously referenced.

- The serifs are a bit shorter than usual. Another feature that improves the
  rendering by allowing more "air" between each letter pair.

- The joins of the stems to the branches in letters like h, m, n are deep
  enough to prevent dark spots, also improving legibility at small sizes.

- The friendly lowercase 'a', with the curve starting from the bottom of the
  stem, is reminiscent of Cheltenham and Clearface. That soft curve is also
  echoed in the curves of the f, j, n, m and r.

- The spacing is also optimized for body text on the web, clearly more open
  than that of typefaces made for print or for headlines.

Domine characters set covers 103 Latin languages: Afar, Afrikaans, Albanian,
Azerbaijani, Basque, Belarusian, Bislama, Bosnian, Breton, Catalan, Chamorro,
Chichewa, Comorian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, English, Esperanto, Estonian,
Faroese, Fijian, Filipino/Tagalog, Finnish, Flemish, French, Gaelic (Irish /
Manx / Scottish), Gagauz, German, Gikuyu, Gilbertese/Kiribati, Greenlandic,
Guarani, Haitian_Creole, Hawaiian, Hungarian, Icelandic, Igo/Igbo, Indonesian,
Irish, Italian, Javanese, Kashubian, Kinyarwanda, Kirundi, Latin, Latvian,
Lithuanian, Luba/Ciluba/Kasai, Luxembourgish, Malagasy, Malay, Maltese, Maori,
Marquesan, Marshallese, Moldovan/Moldovian/Romanian, Montenegrin, Nauruan,
Ndebele, Norwegian, Oromo, Palauan/Belauan, Polish, Portuguese, Quechua,
Romanian, Romansh, Sami, Samoan, Sango, Serbian, Sesotho,
Setswana/Sitswana/Tswana, Seychellois_Creole, SiSwati/Swati/Swazi, Silesian,
Slovak, Slovenian, Somali, Sorbian, Sotho, Spanish, Swahili, Swedish,
Tahitian, Tetum, Tok_Pisin, Tongan, Tsonga, Tswana, Tuareg/Berber, Turkish,
Turkmen, Tuvaluan, Uzbek/Usbek, Wallisian, Walloon, Welsh, Xhosa, Yoruba,
Zulu.

Join the project at:
http://www.impallari.com/projects/overview/domine

Documentation can be found at www.impallari.com

To contribute to the project contact Pablo Impallari at impallari@gmail.com

ChangeLog

27 May 2012 (Pablo Impallari) Domine v1.0
- Initial v1 Release
- Now in Regular and Bold weights
- Both iKerned

27 May 2012 (Pablo Impallari) Domine v0.22
- Initial public Beta release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Pablo Impallari
E: impallari@gmail.com
W: http://www.impallari.com
D: Designer

N: Rodrigo Fuenzalida
E: hello@rfuenzalida.com
W: http://www.rfuenzalida.com
D: Designer

N: Brenda Gallo
E: gbrenda1987@gmail.com
W: http://www.impallari.com
D: Designer




