FONTLOG for the Hammersmith font

This file provides detailed information on Hammersmith
Font Software. 

This information should be distributed along with the 
Hammersmith font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Hammersmith is a very low contrast typeface inspired by 
the Johnston UK lettering tradition. Hammersmith shows 
the quirks of a somewhat naive, handmade, brush written 
letters including a wider than normal "e" and "s" as well 
as dark joins between stroke which are normally 
compensated for in type. The sources for this design have 
been adapted not just for type but specifically for use 
as a web type. This font works well to even smaller sizes 
than was originally expected, however it's full flavor is 
best seem at medium and large font sizes.

Hammersmith is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are three Source files:

1. HammersmithOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. HammersmithOne-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. HammersmithOne-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at 
sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

7 April 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Hammersmith v1.003
- Altered spacing to work even better on Macs
- Added support for full Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, 
Turkish, Macintosh Character Set.
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF and OTF
- Added true type hinting using TTF Autohint version 0.8

24 March 2011 (Nicole Fally) Hammersmith v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Hammersmith in 
  Fontlab (VBF format)

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and 
description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Nicole Fally
E: nf@t-g-d.at
W: www.t-g-d.at
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Spacing, Expanding and Mastering
