FONTLOG for the Noticia Text font family

This file provides detailed information on the Notica Text font
Software.

This information should be distributed along with the Noticia Text
font and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Noticia Text is a contemporary humanist slab serif typeface 
designed to be used for running text on digital newspapers 
(both on websites and mobile apps). It has a large x-height, 
ample proportions, big serifs and large apertures that allow 
the letters to be clear, even at small sizes on low 
resolution screens. The capitals are unusually small, 
allowing them to be used as substitutes for small caps. 
(Its recommended to add some tracking if used in 
this way.)

One major feature is the break in the internal curves of 
round characters. While this break makes some interesting 
forms at large sizes, their true purpose is to help 
make the counterforms more open at small sizes by allowing 
straighter stems. This reasoning is famously known as
W.A. Dwiggins' “M-formula.”

The italics were designed to contrast with the roman 
styles while maintaining good legibility. The true italic 
forms also have big counterforms and simple curves.

The fonts have been manually hinted to get the best 
possible rasterization in Windows.

The Noticia font family project is envisioned as 18 different 
fonts styles, with text, condensed, display and sans 
variants, different weights and including italic versions, 
all designed and hinted to work well on computer and 
mobile devices screens.

To contribute to the project contact José Miguel Solé B.
at info@jmsole.cl

There are two kinds of Source files:

1. Noticia Text-<font_style>-OTF.vfb Merged contours and optimized file 
   corresponding to the OTF file

2. Noticia Text-<font_style>-TTF.vfb TrueType outlines with hinting 
   adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

3. Noticia Text-<font_style>.vfb Original Source files with contour
   overlaps

ChangeLog

16 December 2011 (v.1.003) (JM Solé)
— Adjusted Hinting and a few glyph problems

15 December 2011 (v.1.001) (JM Solé)
— First Release

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N),
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: JM Solé
E: info@jmsole.cl
W: http://jmsole.cl
D: Typeface & Software Designer