FONTLOG for the Black Ops font

This file provides detailed information on Black Ops Font Software.
This information should be distributed along with the Black Ops font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Black Ops is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following 
Unicode ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set.

There are three Source files:

1. BlackOps One-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. BlackOps One-Regular-OTF.vfb Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. BlackOps One-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

20 April 2012 (Eben Sorkin and James Grieshaber) Black Ops v1.002
- Added support for full Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, 
Turkish, Macintosh Character Set.
- Alted the shape of the a, e, s A, F, S, &, 2, 6, 9, Yen and thorn
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF
- Optimized the font rendering on Windows and especially for Windows XP
- Added hints using TTFAutohint v0.8

15 July 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Black Ops v1.001
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF
- Alted the shape of the thorn
- Alted stencil gaps to be very slightly wider.
- Altered slash and bar glyphs
- Other small tweaks to shapes and spacing.

9 July 2010 (James Grieshaber) Black Ops v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Black Ops in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), 
web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is 
in alphabetical order.

N: James Grieshaber
E: james@typeco.com
W: http://www.typeco.com/
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Spacing and Mastering
