FONTLOG for the Donegal font

This file provides detailed information on 
Donegal Font Software. This information should be 
distributed along with the Donegal font and any 
derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Donegal One is a text typeface designed to be highly legible and comfortable
when reading on screen. Donegal's utility and personality consistently shows
from small text sizes to display. Donegal uses the cut interior curve
associated with W.A. Dwiggins. This feature is one of many that contribute to
Donegal's distinctive and pleasing character.

Donegal is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use the
Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges:
Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, Turkish, Macintosh Character Set.

There are four source files:

1. DonegalOne-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. DonegalOne-Regular_otf.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. DonegalOne-Regular_ttf.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

4. DonegalOne-Regular.otf PostScript outlines OTF-CFF font.

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

4 Dec 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Donegal v1.004
- Altered the widths of dicritics to not be zero with negative sidebearing
  values because this appears to be causing the dicrittics not to appear in
  the font preview for Google web fonts. Instead all diacritics have
  sidebearings of 114 now.
- Altered the gcommaaccent by decomposing the accent to solve a misrendering
  bug seen in the Google web fonts system when the undercomma accent is
  rotated and repositioned above the g.

24 Nov 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Donegal v1.003
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.92
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Altered naming to be compatible with Google web fonts
- Fixed rendering problems seen in the letters e and L
- Added OpenType code to support ordinals, superiors (1234), onehalf, onequarter, 
  threequarters percent and perthousand signs 
- Completed third complete version of Donegal in Fontlab ( VBF format )

22 Nov 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Donegal v1.002
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.92
- Added Symbols for tcedilla, Tcedilla, exclamdbl, minute and second
- Altered i and j so they use components to avoid a rendering bug in Windows
- Completed second complete version of Donegal in Fontlab ( VBF format )

02 Nov 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Donegal v1.001
- Fixed some glyphs with irregular heights and depths

30 Sept 2012 (Gary Lonergan) Donegal v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Donegal in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Gary Lonergan
E: garylonergan@hotmail.com
W: -
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer and Mastering
