FONTLOG for the Quando font

This file provides detailed information on Quando Font Software. 

This information should be distributed along with the Quando font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Quando is a serifed text typeface inspired by brushy handwritten 
letters seen on an italian poster from the second world war. 
Quando is a flexible text typeface made for the web whose 
personality consistently shows in both small and large sizes. 
Quando's low contrast design helps it work better on screens 
and smaller sizes. Especially distinctive letterforms include 
letters like the a, g, x and Q. Quando's friendly feeling 
along with its clarity and familiarity makes it suitable for 
a broad range of uses.

Quando is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use 
the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support 
other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges: 
Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, Macintosh Character Set

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

There are three Source files:

1. Quando-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Quando-Regular-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Quando-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

ChangeLog

4 Jul 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Quando v1.002
- Added hinting to the TTF via TTFAutohint v0.8

4 Jul 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Quando v1.001
- Mastered Font from Fontlab VBF to TTF
- Slightly adjusted scale and Cap heights to improve rendring in Google Chrome browser on XP - Success!

1 July 2012 (Joana Correia da Silva) Quando v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Quando in Fontlab ( VBF format )

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Joana Correia da Silva
E: joanamcsilva@gmail.com
W: www.joanamcorreia.com/
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
