FONTLOG for the Jacques Francois Shadow font

This file provides detailed information on the Jacques Francois Shadow
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Jacques Francois fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Jacques Francois Shadow is an incised variant of the Jacques Francois font.

Jacques Francois revives the c. 1760 Enschedé no. 811 type specimen by Jacques
François Rosart (1714-1774), made for Enschedé Printing House. The concept was
to create a contemporary webfont with an even typographic color while
preserving the essential historic peculiarities and expanding the character
set. Compared to the historic specimen the x-height is generously increased
and contrast lowered.

Jacques Francois Shadow is designed for large sizes and manually instructed
for better screen performance starting from 24 ppem. This means that on Window
machines it will work best from 18pt (at 96ppi) or 15pt (at 120ppi) and from
24pt on Mac (at 72ppi.)

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode
ranges: Latin-1

To contribute to the project contact Alexei Vanyashin at 
a at cyreal.org

There are two .vfb Source files:

1. JacquesFrancois-Regular-OTF.vfb
- Merged and optimized file

2. JacquesFrancois-Regular-TTF.vfb
- File with TTF countours and manual TT hints

ChangeLog

10 November 2011 (Nikita Kanarev) Jacques Francois v. 1.000
— Completed initial version in VBF format based on 
  Jacques Francois Regular font

6 December 2011 (Alexei Vanyashin) Jacques Francois v. 1.001
— Reduced drops in letters a, c, j, ccedilla, ae, two
— Mastered file from VBF into TTF

7 September 2012  (Alexei Vanyashin) Jacques Francois v. 1.003
- Vertical metrics adjusted for web
- Copyright notices updated

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Nikita Kanarev
E: i@xarsok.ru
W: http://xarsok.ru
D: Designer

N: Alexei Vanyashin
E: a at cyreal.org
W: www.cyreal.org
D: Design and Mastering
