FONTLOG for the Fruktur font

This file provides detailed information on Fruktur Font Software. 
This information should be distributed along with the Fruktur font 
and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Fruktur initially appears to be a playful and powerful black letter 
type with a warm friendly feeling. However its construction is 
closer to that of an upright italic. Fruktur offers some of the 
feeling of a black letter but with higher legibility and greater 
utility than is typical of black letter type. Fruktur will be 
most useful from medium to large sizes.

Fruktur is a Unicode typeface family that supports languages that use 
the Latin script and its variants, and could be expanded to support 
other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode ranges: 
Latin-1, Latin-2: Easern Europe, Turkish, Macintosh Character Set

There are four Source files:

1. Fruktur-Regular.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Fruktur-Regular-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Fruktur-Regular-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file


To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

21 Sep 2015 (Dave Crossland) Fruktur v1.003
- Update to correct internal metadata

09 Jan 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Fruktur v1.002
- Improved language coverage with OpenType features
- Removed custom Cmap and excess OpenType tables
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Added hinting using TTFautohint version 0.93.8-669f

11 Sept 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Fruktur v1.001
- Mastered typeface to TTF and OTF
- Added hinting using TTF Autohint v0.92

29 August 2012 (Viktoriya Grabowska) Fruktur v1.000
- Created complete Fruktur design in VFB format

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), email (E), web-address
(if you have one) (W) and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Viktoriya Grabowska
E: vi_ga@wp.pl
W: www.vikaniesiada.blogspot.com
D: Designer

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Mastering
