FONTLOG for the Merriweather font

This file provides detailed information on the Merriweather 
font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Merriweather fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Merriweather is a low-contrast semi-condensed-serif typeface family
designed to be readable at very small sizes. Merriweather is 
traditional in feeling despite the modern shapes it has adopted for screens. 

Merriweather is an evolving project and will be updated. As of now there are 5
styles: Regular, Light, Bold, and Black Roman and Italic styles.

There is also Merriweather Sans, a sans-serif version which closely 
harmonizes with the weights and styles of this serif family.

http://www.google.com/webfonts/specimen/Merriweather+Sans

Designed by Eben Sorkin, Merriweather features a very large x height,
slightly condensed letterforms, a mild diagonal stress, sturdy serifs and open
forms.

Merriweather is a work in progress and will be improved regularly. This
means you can request improvements and even fund specific features if if they
are outside of the current scope of work.

For more information and to stay updated see Eben 
Sorkin's blog and Flickr and follow the Merriweather 
Twitter microblog:

http://ebensorkin.wordpress.com

http://www.flickr.com/photos/55990250@N02/

http://twitter.com/MerriweatherFnt

Merriweather is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, and 
could be expanded to support other scripts.

More specifically, this release supports the following Unicode 
ranges: Latin-1, Latin-2: Eastern Europe, Turkish, 
Macintosh Character Set and Adobe Latin 3 character set.

There are four source files for each style:

1. Merriweather-Style.vfb Original Source Files with 
   contour overlaps

2. Merriweather-Style-OTF.sfd Merged contours and 
   optimized file corresponding to the OTF file

3. Merriweather-Style.otf PostScript outlines OTF-CFF font.

4. Merriweather-Style-TTF.sfd TrueType outlines with 
   hinting adjustments corresponding to the TTF file

To contribute to the project contact Eben Sorkin at sorkineben@gmail.com

ChangeLog

1 May 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather v1.4
- Italic Light, Bold, Black added
- Hinted fonts using TTFAutohint version 0.93.8-669f
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Improved the design in response to additional print 
  and rendering tests and added glyphs to cover the entire 
  Adobe Latin 3 character set. ( VBF format )
- Completed first complete version of Merriweather in 
  Fontlab ( VBF format )

14 March 2013 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather v1.4
- Italic Regular added

26 Feb 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.001
- Hinted font Using TTFAutohint version 0.93.8-669f
- Mastered VBF to TTF and other formats.
- Added glyphs to cover the entire Adobe Latin 3 
character set. ( VBF format )

10 Feb 2012 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather Sans v1.000
- Completed first complete version of Merriweather Italic 
in Fontlab ( VBF format )

29 July 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather v1.3

- Altered and improved 90% of the glyphs. Some in minor ways 
  and other in fairly significant ways. For example: 
  The lc a was a small change.
  The changes to the numbers corrected weight consistency issues 
  were more significant. 
- Added glyphs to support texts originating from Windows
  ANSI and Mac Roman encodings. 
- Adjusted diacritics further
- This may be the last update to shapes before work 
  begins on the Sans. This means that VTT hinting 
  should be next.

22 July 2011 (Eben Sorkin) Merriweather v1.287
- Adusted glyph diacritics to make them work with MS Word.
- Mastered Font from Fontlab to TTF

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your name (N), 
email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) and description (D). 
This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Eben Sorkin
E: sorkineben@gmail.com
W: www.sorkintype.com
D: Designer and Mastering
