FONTLOG for the Signika fonts

This file provides detailed information on the Signika 
Font Software.

This information should be distributed along with the 
Signika fonts and any derivative works.

Basic Font Information

Signika is a sans-serif with a gentle
character, developed for wayfinding, signage, and
other media where clarity of information is
required. It has a low contrast and tall x-height
to improve readability of texts in small sizes
as well as in large distances from the reader.

The typeface comes with a wide character set supporting 
over 220 languages including most of the Latin-based 
European languages, some African languages and Vietnamese. 
It offers a basic set of typographic tools like ligatures, 
small caps, and case sensitive punctuation. Two sets of 
figures, text and lining, are both designed as tabular, 
and complemented by a corresponding tabular sets 
of currency symbols.

With the 2020 update Signika was extended by 
a set of 300+ arrows and pictograms.

All weights from Light to Bold have alternative Negative 
versions optimised to solve the effect of juxtaposed 
positive and negative text setting, where the text 
in negative tends to look thicker.

Signika is a Unicode typeface family that supports 
languages that use the Latin script and its variants, 
and could be expanded to support other scripts.

To contribute to the project contact Anna Giedryś, 
anna@ancymonic.com

ChangeLog

12 May 2020
– Language extension to full support of the Google Pro encoding (Anna Giedryś).
- Additional set of over 300 arrows and pictograms designed by (Anna Giedryś and Peter Machaj)

18 Dec 2018
- Upgrade font to variable font with Weight and "Negative" axes, otherwise preserving original designs
- Includes glyph extensions and font refinements made by Anna, including expanded language support and small caps


24 Oct 2011 (Anna Giedryś) Signika v1.000
- Initial release

Acknowledgements

If you make modifications be sure to add your 
name (N), email (E), web-address (if you have one) (W) 
and description (D). This list is in alphabetical order.

N: Anna Giedryś
E: anna@ancymonic.com
W: http://www.ancymonic.com
D: Designer

N: Johannes Neumeier
E: hello@underscoretype.com
W: http://underscoretype.com
D: Post-production

N: Peter Machaj
E: petermachaj.dizajn@gmail.com
W: https://www.behance.net/petermachaj
D: Designer (pictograms co-design)

N: Stephen Nixon
E: stephen@thundernixon.com
W: http://www.thundernixon.com
D: Variable Font Mastering



